fixed previous changes (#150)
mcw-rcc/mcw-rcc.github.io: docs/faq.md

    Submitted batch job 6782
    ```

> For more information about how to write and submit jobs to the cluster, visit the [Running Jobs documentation](https://docs.rcc.mcw.edu/user-guide/jobs/running-jobs/){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: This renders incorrectly. Suggest you indent 4 spaces so that it renders correctly as part of previous question.
```suggestion
    For more information about how to write and submit jobs to the cluster, visit the [Running Jobs documentation](https://docs.rcc.mcw.edu/user-guide/jobs/running-jobs/){:target="_blank"}.
```

??? question "How do I run an interactive job on the cluster?"

>     You can start an interactive job on the HPC cluster using the SLURM `srun` command. The arguments are the same that you would use in the heather of a script that you would submit as a job. Make sure to add `--pty bash` at the end. To stop the interactive job, use the `exit` command.

Reviewer: You pointed to the docs in the question above, suggest to do the same here instead of adding info about arguments and job management.

Reviewer: If you leave this as is, reword and fix typo.
```suggestion
    You can start an interactive job on the HPC cluster using the SLURM `srun` command. The arguments are the same that you would use in the header of a batch job script. Make sure to add `--pty bash` at the end. To stop the interactive job, use the `exit` command.
```

    ```bash
    $ srun --ntasks=1 --mem-per-cpu=4GB --time=01:00:00 --job-name=interactive --pty bash
    ```

??? question "How do I check the status of my job?"

>     You can find the current status of your job with the `squeue` command followed by `-j` and the jobID. If you want to find the current status of all the jobs that you are currently running, use `-u` instead followed by your username.

Reviewer: Same as above, point to docs.

    ```bash
    $ squeue -j 6696
                JOBID PARTITION     NAME     USER ST       TIME  NODES NODELIST(REASON)
                    1234    normal Testing user  R      37:09      1 cn59
    ```

> ```bash

Reviewer: Remove lines 59-65. Appears to be redundant.
